README.md, before:

# python-re3data: The Pythonic client for the re3data API.

> ⚠️ Please note that this project is currently under active development. As such, it is considered a work in progress,
> and breaking changes may be introduced at any time. We encourage users to frequently check back for updates and to
> exercise caution when using this project in production environments. Contributions and feedback are welcome to help
> move the project towards a more stable release.

| __CI__   | [![pre-commit.ci status][pre-commit-ci-badge]][pre-commit-ci-status] [![ci][ci-badge]][ci-workflow] [![coverage][coverage-badge]][ci-workflow] [![codeql][codeql-badge]][codeql-workflow] |
| :------- | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| __Docs__ | [![docs][docs-badge]][docs-workflow]                                                                                                                                                      |
| __Meta__ | [![OpenSSF Scorecard][scorecard-badge]][scorecard-url] [![hatch][hatch-badge]][hatch] [![ruff][ruff-badge]][ruff] [![mypy][mypy-badge]][mypy] [![License][license-badge]][license-url]    |

**Table of Contents**

- [Installation](#installation)
- [License](#license)

## Requirements

[Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/) >= 3.10

`python-re3data` is built with:

- [httpx](https://github.com/encode/httpx) for issuing HTTP requests
- [typer](https://github.com/tiangolo/typer) for its CLI

## Installation

You can install `python-re3data` via pip from [PyPI][pypi-url]:

```console
python -m pip install python-re3data
```

## Documentation

The [documentation][docs-url] is made with [Material for MkDocs](https://github.com/squidfunk/mkdocs-material) and is
hosted by [GitHub Pages](https://docs.github.com/en/pages).

## License

`python-re3data` is distributed under the terms of the [MIT License][license-url].

<!-- Markdown links -->

[ci-badge]: https://github.com/afuetterer/python-re3data/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg
[ci-workflow]: https://github.com/afuetterer/python-re3data/actions/workflows/main.yml
[codeql-badge]: https://github.com/afuetterer/python-re3data/actions/workflows/codeql.yml/badge.svg
[codeql-workflow]: https://github.com/afuetterer/python-re3data/actions/workflows/codeql.yml
[coverage-badge]: https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://gist.githubusercontent.com/afuetterer/adc66df152c473c1aa136557ee8181ca/raw/coverage-badge.json
[docs-badge]: https://github.com/afuetterer/python-re3data/actions/workflows/docs.yml/badge.svg
[docs-url]: https://afuetterer.github.io/python-re3data
[docs-workflow]: https://github.com/afuetterer/python-re3data/actions/workflows/docs.yml
[hatch]: https://github.com/pypa/hatch
[hatch-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%A5%9A-Hatch-4051b5.svg
[license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg
[license-url]: https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html
[mypy]: https://mypy-lang.org
[mypy-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/types-mypy-blue.svg
[pre-commit-ci-badge]: https://results.pre-commit.ci/badge/github/afuetterer/python-re3data/main.svg
[pre-commit-ci-status]: https://results.pre-commit.ci/latest/github/afuetterer/python-re3data/main
[pypi-url]: https://pypi.org/project/python-re3data/
[ruff]: https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff
[ruff-badge]: https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/charliermarsh/ruff/main/assets/badge/v2.json
[scorecard-badge]: https://api.securityscorecards.dev/projects/github.com/afuetterer/python-re3data/badge
[scorecard-url]: https://securityscorecards.dev/viewer/?uri=github.com/afuetterer/python-re3data

Commit message:

docs(readme): add similar projects (#23)
Fixes #5

README.md, after:

# python-re3data: The Pythonic client for the re3data API.

> ⚠️ Please note that this project is currently under active development. As such, it is considered a work in progress,
> and breaking changes may be introduced at any time. We encourage users to frequently check back for updates and to
> exercise caution when using this project in production environments. Contributions and feedback are welcome to help
> move the project towards a more stable release.

| __CI__   | [![pre-commit.ci status][pre-commit-ci-badge]][pre-commit-ci-status] [![ci][ci-badge]][ci-workflow] [![coverage][coverage-badge]][ci-workflow] [![codeql][codeql-badge]][codeql-workflow] |
| :------- | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| __Docs__ | [![docs][docs-badge]][docs-workflow]                                                                                                                                                      |
| __Meta__ | [![OpenSSF Scorecard][scorecard-badge]][scorecard-url] [![hatch][hatch-badge]][hatch] [![ruff][ruff-badge]][ruff] [![mypy][mypy-badge]][mypy] [![License][license-badge]][license-url]    |

**Table of Contents**

- [Installation](#installation)
- [License](#license)

## Requirements

[Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/) >= 3.10

`python-re3data` is built with:

- [httpx](https://github.com/encode/httpx) for issuing HTTP requests
- [typer](https://github.com/tiangolo/typer) for its CLI

## Installation

You can install `python-re3data` via pip from [PyPI][pypi-url]:

```console
python -m pip install python-re3data
```

## Documentation

The [documentation][docs-url] is made with [Material for MkDocs](https://github.com/squidfunk/mkdocs-material) and is
hosted by [GitHub Pages](https://docs.github.com/en/pages).

## Similar Projects

There are a couple of similar projects available on GitHub, e.g. via the topic
[re3data](https://github.com/topics/re3data). Among them are these implementations in Python:

| Project                                       | Description                                                                          | Last commit                                                                |
| --------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [py3data](https://github.com/J535D165/sickle) | `py3data` is a lightweight and thin Python interface to the beta version of the API. | ![last-commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/J535D165/py3data) |

## License

`python-re3data` is distributed under the terms of the [MIT License][license-url].

<!-- Markdown links -->

[ci-badge]: https://github.com/afuetterer/python-re3data/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg
[ci-workflow]: https://github.com/afuetterer/python-re3data/actions/workflows/main.yml
[codeql-badge]: https://github.com/afuetterer/python-re3data/actions/workflows/codeql.yml/badge.svg
[codeql-workflow]: https://github.com/afuetterer/python-re3data/actions/workflows/codeql.yml
[coverage-badge]: https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://gist.githubusercontent.com/afuetterer/adc66df152c473c1aa136557ee8181ca/raw/coverage-badge.json
[docs-badge]: https://github.com/afuetterer/python-re3data/actions/workflows/docs.yml/badge.svg
[docs-url]: https://afuetterer.github.io/python-re3data
[docs-workflow]: https://github.com/afuetterer/python-re3data/actions/workflows/docs.yml
[hatch]: https://github.com/pypa/hatch
[hatch-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%A5%9A-Hatch-4051b5.svg
[license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg
[license-url]: https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html
[mypy]: https://mypy-lang.org
[mypy-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/types-mypy-blue.svg
[pre-commit-ci-badge]: https://results.pre-commit.ci/badge/github/afuetterer/python-re3data/main.svg
[pre-commit-ci-status]: https://results.pre-commit.ci/latest/github/afuetterer/python-re3data/main
[pypi-url]: https://pypi.org/project/python-re3data/
[ruff]: https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff
[ruff-badge]: https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/charliermarsh/ruff/main/assets/badge/v2.json
[scorecard-badge]: https://api.securityscorecards.dev/projects/github.com/afuetterer/python-re3data/badge
[scorecard-url]: https://securityscorecards.dev/viewer/?uri=github.com/afuetterer/python-re3data
